# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists
By creating cards such as the ones we made for this assignment, historians can store important data on people throughout history. It can be used perhaps in Museums for archiving people from the past and could perhaps create a user experience of reading about different individuals in history. This reminds me of being at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame where you could choose a musician and immediately see a picture and information about him/her with just one click. It is important for historians to share information that they have gathered on individuals and their history in their countries with the public, though it may be a controversial matter. It is how we can remember stories from the past. 
## Question 2
#### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 
This assignment assumes that the researcher would keep the information of the participants private even though the partcipants are willingly uploading personal information. It is a tricky question as it is assumes trust without any sort of contract. It is the decision of the participants to share information with the acknowledgement that the information is being uploaded and could possibly be shared. Therefore, a relationship that is built on trust and understanding should be present between the researcher and the partcipants. As we are doing this for a class assignment in a University setting, trust between the researcher and partcipants is established and regulated. 
## Question 3
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
For my use, information such as the date of birth, country and city of origin, musical influences and musical genre are relevant details that would need to be included in a museum about musicians. But as historians, we are often missing information when we are dealing with people, rather than facts. Perhaps the musical influences for a certain musician are unknown or their musical style/genre is up for debate. Though we have the structure to create a record of musicians we must also be aware that there is a chance that not every question can be answered. Then, we can either ask new questions about the subject or not answer the question at all. 
